Introduction (Links to an external site.)
Did you learn anything new about JavaScript or programming in general?
  I learned that other people also hated javascript as much as I did when they first started. I also learned that Javascript and Java have nothing to do with each other.
Are there any concepts you feel uncomfortable with?
  I am worried because the book states that Java is really lax when it comes to code and while I hated the errors in ruby at least it let me know that something was wrong.

Ch. 1: Values, Types, and Operators (Links to an external site.)
Identify two similarities and two differences between JavaScript and Ruby syntax with regard to numbers, arithmetic, strings, booleans, and various operators.
  Two similarities is how numbers boolean operators and arithmetic works
  Two differences is that Javascript did not differentiate between float and an integer and JavaScript will try to figure out a problem whereas ruby will return an error isyou try to add a string and a number.


Ch. 2: Program Structure (Links to an external site.)
What is an expression?
  A fragment of code that produces an expression
What is the purpose of semicolons in JavaScript? Are they always required?
  A semicolon closes an expression. No
What causes a variable to return undefined?
  When you define a variable but fail to give it a value
What does console.log do and when would you use it? What Ruby method(s) is this similar to?
  it is an expression that retrieves the log property from the value held by the console variable. Puts.
Describe while and for loops
  a while loop executes a loop until the condition is no longer true
  A for loop executes the loop the same way  while loop does but it written differently. A for loop needs 2 semicolons. The first part initializes the loop and the second part checks to see if the loop needs to keep going.
What other similarities or differences between Ruby and JavaScript did you notice in this section?
  Loops and variables are similar,
  Console.log, the way that you create comments in the code and prompt are different in ruby


Ch. 3: Functions (Links to an external site.) (Skip the sections on closure and recursion)
What are the differences between local and global variables in JavaScript?
  Local variables are defined within a function and only work in that function.  A global variable is defined outside the variable and can be used thoughout the program.
When should you use functions?
  Whenever you want to
What is a function declaration?
  It is a function that defines the variable


Ch. 4: Data Structures: Objects and Arrays (Links to an external site.)
What is the difference between using a dot and a bracket to look up a property? Ex. array.max vs array["max"]
if you use a dot it will fetch whatever comes before the dot. whereas if you use brackets you will get the result of that property name.
Create an object called me that stores your name, age, three favorite foods, and a quirk in your eloquent.js file.

What is a JavaScript object with a name and value property similar to in Ruby?